Afleveringsopgave
The Second Mandatory Assignment constitutes the Exam Project.

The Exam Project will be developed in groups of 4 or 5 students. If there are major circumstances that prevent you from working in groups, request a dispensation from Head of Education Marc Kluge (klu@ek.dk). Please write down your names at Groups – Exam Project.xlsl.

Each group of students will perform diverse forms of testing and generate several deliverables on an application of their choice (either built specifically for this project, a repurposed app or even someone else’s code). The topic, business idea, specifications, type of application (web, mobile, standalone), programming language(s), DBMSs, test tools, continuous integration tools, and IDEs used will be decided by the students. However, the application must include the following:

A frontend
A backend the frontend connects to via an API
A database
A connection to an external, public API (could be something simple like a weather widget)
Feel free to reuse and/or adapt the Databaser project or any other project.

Task list:

Review.
One member of the group will write an SRS (Software Requirements Specification) for the application in the format chosen by the students (it can be a series of user stories).
The remaining members will conduct a formal review and generate a review document.
Deliverables:
The SRS (pdf file)
The review report (pdf file)
Risk assessment.
Deliverables (both in a single pdf file):
Risk table(s). Either one that includes the follow-ups to the risks throughout the project’s development or several tables at different stages of development (in that case, at least an initial table, one created mid-development, and a final one must be included)
Risk matrices. Several illustrating the state of the risks at several phases of the project
Black-box test design. Black-box techniques will help identify test cases.
Deliverables (all in a single pdf file):
Equivalence partitioning analysis, including the resulting test cases
Boundary value analysis, including the resulting test cases
Decision table(s) (only if relevant), including the resulting test cases
State transition diagram(s) and/or state transition table(s) (only if relevant), including the resulting test cases
Static Testing Tools and White-box test design. Use the static testing tool(s) of your choice (besides linters and IDE extensions) and document their contribution.
Include coverage calculation
Deliverables (all in a single pdf file):
Static testing tool(s) reports/screenshots and brief explanation of results
Code coverage report and brief explanation of how it helped design unit tests
Unit testing and integration testing. Design and implement:
Unit tests        
Integration tests in code (unless you decide to mock all dependencies)
Pay attention to the following:

Comprehensive assertions and test cases are expected
The test cases identified in the black-box design phase must be present in the unit tests
Use parameterised tests/data providers
Deliverables:
Source code of the application
Source code of the unit tests and integration tests
Continuous testing. Create an online code repository and a continuous integration job or pipeline that checks potential integration errors.
The CI job must automate the execution of the unit tests, integration tests in code, and API tests
Deliverables:
CI job script(s) (yaml file or similar)
Output of the integration project          
(if the CI tool does not generate a file, copy the output or take a screenshot and paste them into a pdf file)
API testing. Use the tool of your choice (e.g., Postman, Thunder Client, Insomnia, Playwright...) to design and implement test scripts on your internal API.
Test all your endpoints for different elements (e.g., HTTP status codes, execution time, JSON content...)
Positive and negative tests are expected
Deliverables:
Collection and environment in JSON format, or a similar output
End-to-end UI testing. Design and implement a series of end-to-end tests using a UI automation tool (e.g., Selenium WebDriver, Cypress, Playwright)
The tests must be in code. Scripting tools like Selenium IDE are forbidden
Deliverables:
Source code of the end-to-end tests
Stress performance testing. Implement load, stress, and spike testing on the application with a stress performance testing application (e.g., Apache JMeter, k6).
Deliverables:
Reports or screenshots documenting the tests.
Project Delivery

The final project will be structured in folders, one for each task. The project will be delivered to this Itslearning assignment in a single zip file as a group.

Do not include links (e.g., to Github repositories).